This class project is the first time I started really playing around with JavaScript for the first time and explorering its functions. The assignment was simply to build a text based adventure game that has at least 3 layers and includes a reset function and an easy way for the user to identify hints on what to do. 

After seeing the examples of these types of games and the rubric for the assignment, I wanted to take it a step further and try some different things. What I've done differently was move the [hints] out of the main text box and place them in their own box labled as 'ations'. Then I removed the need for a 'submit' button and coded a funciton that submitted the user's input for parsing via 'enter' key. To me as a Linux user who understands how terminal commands work, this approch made the most sense. 

Since the user will always be typing, why design a function that needs a mouse event inbetween inputs? Moving one's hand back and forth constantly from keyboard to mouse gets very annoying. I noticed this annoyance myself and descided to take the mouse out of the equations entirely. For user readability I also simplfied the hint system with simple, easy to understand, single keywords that the user inputs to perform a specific action. Since I already designed this to be a 4-step puzzle, I certainly didn't need to design the user interface to be cryptic too. 

I also designed the text box with the intent of providing the most feedback as possible with the scrolling function. Most of my peers and examples designed their text boxes to flush all content at each scene. I on the other hand thought that's a bad design choice. I wanted to basically leave a histroy of the user's input behind so they know what worked and what did not. Most of the time commands that did not work are simple typos. Echoing exactly what the user inputs to the text box helps show them the spelling of their command if they submit their input before checking it for errors. The entire input mechanism is designed to be similar to how a terminal/command prompt works. 

I had a lot fun working on this project. Too much in fact that I actually choose to intentionally misspell a few words and completely botch engilsh grammar after certain events just to make the adventure more silly and easy to laugh at. 

Example:
Instead of the game text at the end saying "CONGRADULATIONS!", it says "CONGURDERLERDENS!". 

I even coded in a few easter egg emotes such as "cry" and "dance" just to have fun with that has no application in the puzzle itself. The return text when you type an invalid action even has different states of annoyance if you keep typing the wrong thing over and over and even has witty condescending things to say if you attempt to do something other than "restart" after death.

Hint: (push 3)